Add docs for Yarn Berry and Yarn Classic (#2628)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/javascript/build-configuration.md

Now you can proceed with your development and testing. 

<a id="yarn"></a>

## Yarn

[Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is a popular package manager for JavaScript
projects, offering fast, reliable, and secure dependency management as an
alternative to npm. It is widely used for managing
project dependencies, scripts, and workflows in Node.js and other JavaScript
development environments. For more details, refer to the [Yarn
documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/documentation). 

This section applies to modern versions of Yarn, also known as Yarn Berry, with
versions 2.x and higher. If you are using Yarn 1.x refer to the [Yarn Classic
section](#yarn-classic).

Using yarn, dependencies to JavaScript packages are declared in a `package.json`

> file and separated into different scoped dependencies. development and runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file and separated into different scoped dependencies such as development and runtime
```

dependencies. The following block shows a minimal example with `react` and
`node` as main runtime dependencies and `eslint` as development dependency:

```json
{
  "name": "yarn-berry-example",
  "packageManager": "yarn@4.10.3",
  "dependencies": {
    "node": "^22.20.0",
    "react": "^19.1.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "eslint": "^9.36.0"
  }
}
```

> By default, the packages are retrieved from the registry at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `yarn` retrieves the packages from the registry at `https://registry.yarnpkg.com` and stores them locally in a `.yarn` folder in the user's home directory. 
```

Trying to get away from some of the passive voice in these updates

Author: so good.. updating the whole doc around that as well

`https://registry.yarnpkg.com` and stored locally folder `.yarn` in the users
home directory after running `yarn`. Specific packages are linked into the
project. This operation also creates the `yarn.lock` file.

Note that dependency versions are typically declared with the `^` before the
version string. This indicates higher, compatible versions, following the
semantic versioning scheme of the package, are used automatically. For example,
the declaration of version `^22.18.0` for `node`, actually results in the use of
version `22.20.0` or even a higher version once available and `yarn` is run.  

Any dependency or dependency version changes require another install and
therefore an update to the lock file. The lock file also encodes the checksum
values in the `checksum` field.

To switch a project to use Chainguard Libraries for JavaScript, set the registry
URL to point to your repository manager in your project `.yarnrc.yml` file: 

```shell
yarn config set npmRegistryServer https://repo.example.com:8443/repository/javascript-all/
```

> The command results in the following line:

Author: No .. its adds that line in the config file

> The command results in the following line:

Author: I expanded to clarify .. also across the doc

* Sonatype Nexus: https://repo.example.com:8443/repository/javascript-all/
* Direct access: https://libraries.cgr.dev/javascript/

To change the packages, run the `yarn` command again. This forces an updated of
all packages from the new registry and regeneration of the lock file.

Now you can proceed with your development and testing. 

<a id="yarn-classic"></a>

## Yarn Classic

[Yarn Classic](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/) is the legacy 1.x release of
[Yarn](#yarn).

Using yarn, dependencies to JavaScript packages are declared in a `package.json`
file and separated into different scoped dependencies. development and runtime
dependencies. The following block shows a minimal example with `react` and
`node` as main runtime dependencies and `eslint` as development dependency:

```json
{
  "name": "yarn-classic-example",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "A minimal example project for using yarn classic",
  "main": "index.js",
  "author": "Chainguard",
  "license": "MIT",
  "private": false,
  "dependencies": {
    "node": "^22.18.0",
    "react": "^19.1.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "eslint": "^9.36.0"
  }
}
```

> By default, the packages are retrieved from the registry at

Reviewer: If you follow my previous suggestion to use more active language in the other doc, I'd do a scan for passive voice and make updates here as well.

`https://registry.yarnpkg.com` and stored locally in the `node_modules`
directory after running `yarn`. This operation also creates the `yarn.lock`
file.

Note that dependency versions are typically declared with the `^` before the
version string. This indicates higher, compatible versions, following the
semantic versioning scheme of the package, are used automatically. For example,
the declaration of version `^22.18.0` for `node`, actually results in the use of
version `22.20.0` or even a higher version once available and `yarn` is run.  

Any dependency or dependency version changes require another install and
therefore an update to the lock file. The lock file also encodes the checksum
values in the `integrity` field and the download URL in the `resolved` field for
each module.

To switch a project to use Chainguard Libraries for JavaScript, set the registry
URL to point to your repository manager in your user `.yarnrc` file: 

```shell
yarn config set registry https://repo.example.com:8443/repository/javascript-all/
```

The command results in the following line:

```
registry "https://repo.example.com:8443/repository/javascript-all/"
```

> Check the [.yarnrc

Reviewer: I'd say "Check out the" or "Refer to the" docs

"Check" the docs, to my reading, implies like check it once, or check it as one would for an update, like now and then, when the directive should be more "explore this resource as needed"
